[DOCS] FDS Topic Quality Review (#7944)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/guides/setup/configuring_metadata_stores/how_to_configure_a_metricsstore.md

---
import TechnicalTag from '@site/docs/term_tags/_tag.mdx';

:::note Note:
Metric storage is an **experimental** feature.

> :::

Reviewer: I would double check with engineering -- I'm not certain we are still considering this "experimental" now.

Author: @Rachel-Reverie I confirmed with Tal Gluck that Metric storage remains experimental.

> A `MetricStore` is a <TechnicalTag tag="store" text="Store" /> that stores Metrics computed during Validation. A `MetricStore` tracks the run_id of the Validation and the <TechnicalTag tag="expectation_suite" text="Expectation Suite" /> name in addition to the Metric name and Metric kwargs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `MetricStore` is a <TechnicalTag tag="store" text="Store" /> that stores Metrics computed during Validation. A `MetricStore` tracks the `run_id` of the Validation and the <TechnicalTag tag="expectation_suite" text="Expectation Suite" /> name in addition to the Metric name and Metric kwargs.
```

Saving <TechnicalTag tag="metric" text="Metrics" /> during <TechnicalTag tag="validation" text="Validation" /> lets you construct a new data series based on observed dataset characteristics computed by Great Expectations. A data series can serve as the source for a dashboard, or overall data quality metrics.

## Prerequisites

- [A Great Expectations instance](/docs/guides/setup/setup_overview)

> - Completion of the [Quickstart](tutorials/quickstart/quickstart.md)

Reviewer: I think this is an invalid link -- we may need to do an update to `_prerequisites.jsx` since I believe that's where this is being generated from and I'm seeing it in multiple docs.

- [A configured Data Context](/docs/guides/setup/configuring_data_contexts/instantiating_data_contexts/how_to_quickly_instantiate_a_data_context)

## 1. Add a MetricStore

To define a `MetricStore`, add a <TechnicalTag tag="metric_store" text="Metric Store" /> configuration to the `stores` section of your `great_expectations.yml`. The configuration must include the following keys:

> - `class_name` - Enter `MetricStore`. This key determines which class is instantiated to create the `StoreBackend`. Other fields are passed through to the `StoreBackend` class on instantiation. The only BackendStore under test for use with a `MetricStore` is the DatabaseStoreBackend with Postgres.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `class_name` - Enter `MetricStore`. This key determines which class is instantiated to create the `StoreBackend`. Other fields are passed through to the `StoreBackend` class on instantiation. The only backend Store under test for use with a `MetricStore` is the `DatabaseStoreBackend` with Postgres.
```

I would double-check this with engineering as well.  I'm not too familiar with the code behind `MetricStores` so this statement may still be accurate, I just think it's something we should verify hasn't changed.

            #  driver: postgresql
```

> The next time your DataContext is loaded, it will connect to the database and initialize a table to store metrics if one has not already been created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next time your Data Context is loaded, it will connect to the database and initialize a table to store metrics if one has not already been created.
```

        - statistics.unsuccessful_expectations
```

## 3. Test your MetricStore and StoreMetricsAction

Run the following command to run your Checkpoint and test `StoreMetricsAction`:

> ```python

Reviewer: Another code block to flag as needing to be pulled from an example script under test.

Author: @Rachel-Reverie a note has been added for this code block.
